llc: add page (#6711)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/llc.md

# llc

> Compiles LLVM Intermediate Representation or bitcode to target-specific assembly language.
> More information: <https://www.llvm.org/docs/CommandGuide/llc.html>.

- Compile a bitcode or IR file to an assembly file with the same base name:

`llc {{path/to/file.ll}}`

> - Optimize at level 2 and output assembly to a specific file:

Reviewer: `-O2` is the default, it should be `-O3` imo.

```suggestion
- Enable all optimizations and output assembly to a specific file:
```

> - Enable all optimizations and output assembly to a specific file:

Reviewer 2: The page has a few examples, can we split this into 2 exmaples to be more clear about `--output` and `-03`?

> `llc -O2 {{path/to/input.ll}} --output {{path/to/output.s}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`llc -O3 {{path/to/input.ll}} --output {{path/to/output.s}}`
```
